update description (#1)
DevExpress-Examples/asp-net-mvc-grid-replace-default-scrollbars-with-dxscrollview-widget: Readme.md

# Grid View for ASP.NET MVC - How to replace default browser scrollbars with the dxScrollView widget
<!-- run online -->
**[[Run Online]](https://codecentral.devexpress.com/t532374/)**
<!-- run online end -->

> This example demonstrates how to apply the **dxScrollView** widget to the grid to configure the grid's scroll functionality.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This example demonstrates how to apply the **dxScrollView** widget to the grid to configure the grid's scrolling capability.
```
